---
layout: post
title: Week 13 
---

## **PULL REQUEST!!**

Hello, 
so I have made a pull request to the Julia github now. It was the documentation issue that I was working on. It wasn't much but I feel a little better now about contributing to open source in general. It felt like a pretty good accomplishment, whether the pull request gets accepted or not, because at the begining of the semester I was so worried about having nothing to show for because I thought I wasn't smart enough to write code for a real project. But now I feel different when thinking of open source. There are various ways to contribute! So in summary of what I did, I worked on a file called 'Dates' where they had a bunch of exports for the module. The people who had raised the [issue](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31202) had already done most of the documentation for the module but there was still some work left to be done. I finished up the Dates module documentation by writing up a short documentation and testing for the three functions available in the file. Here is a link to the [PR](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/31979). It's under review right now and one of the maintainers commented on it so I guess we just wait. All in all, it was a pretty good experience for me as I got to learn so much about the open source world and at the same time work in group project with other people. I definitely learnt alot more than just regular classroom material. I am very optimistic about open source and looking forward to doing more stuff like this in the future. Maybe I'll even write code and add improvements to an open source application that I use or fix a bug. Who knows what the future holds? So that's pretty much for the project. Our group also made another pull request to the Julia page. We were also looking at another [issue](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31402) which was an error in the display of an initializer. Basically there's two different ways to initalize a symbol object in Julia but both should return the same output. The issue was that the two methods gave two different initializations. Here is a link to that [PR](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/32006) as well. It's also under review at the moment. 

As for class, we were practicing with git merging and rebasing with an acitivity designed by our Professor. Here is a link to that [activity](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/git-collaboration-workflow-activity) as well. Its pretty simple and helpful and helps understand how git works step by step. If you're interested you can give it a try! 

Thats all for the week, thanks for checking in!



