---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## **Project Updates 2.0**

Hello, 
there isn't much to report on since last week because I haven't really made much progress in terms of learning the code base. There is an added complexity to our project because Julia a new programming language which is written in Julia itself and so learning the new language and it's syntax and functionality takes a little bit of time. Also our midterms have been going in the past few weeks so we really haven't found the time in between studying for tests to work on our projects. But we have found a few potential issues that we would like to work on. Issue [#31202](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31202) is a potential issue that one of our team member has suggested we tackle because it is mainly documenting the standard libraries the language uses. I think it's a good way to make first contact with the community and learn about the language along the process. So yeah I think the good first step for me to contribute to a open source project is to do some documentation which will give me further understanding of how these projects are generally structured and how the source code is written for a real-world application. I still feel as though I have to get familiar with few different languages in order to be able to work my way around and navigate through the files. So I guess that's pretty much the summary of this week. In short, it hasn't been much productive but I will get back to you next week with hopefully much more exciting news about the state of our project. That's all, thanks for checking in! 
