---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## **Project Evaluation**

Hello,
so the post for this week revolves around an assignment we did for the class. We were asked to evaluate three types of open source projects on github and answer a few of questions about them. The three projects were namely [Netfix Conductor](https://github.com/Netflix/conductor.git), [Open food facts](https://github.com/openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server.git), and [DOxygen](https://github.com/doxygen/doxygen.git). All three projects had different levels of openness, different project development environments, activity levels, number of contributors, and etc, but there were also a lot of similarities among the projects as well. For example, all these projects had some kind of an open source license, similar code of conduct, and information about to contribute were largely similar. All in all it was a good exercise to get into evaluating the content, environment, code base complexity, level of openness, etc of various open source projects. We also evaluated the activity level of each project in the last 6 months going through the issues, pull requests, and comments sections to find out how inviting and helpful the community around the project is. This was a rather lengthy and tedious process since we had to manually find the duration of how long the pull requests and issues stayed open until they were resolved (github doesn't have the tool to see those types of statistics). To be honest, I was really bored after evaluating the very first project and then started seaching for search query guides on github to display those stats for me. It wasn't much help since I still had to do most of the tedious work myself. It was a good practice for me though to dive into a projects pull requests and issues to see how active the project is and understand how merges and pull requests and issues are generally resolved in a team based project. I would say, for the most part, it was a good exercise for a first time git and github user like me because it taught be about a lot of the features of the website and git as well. At the same time, it helped me understand how open source projects generally work and how I can follow the same guidelines to choose an open source project to contribute to during the course of this semester. That is all for week. Thanks for checking in!