---
layout: post
title: Week 14 
---

## **Final Presentations, Curtains close**

Hello, 
so the semester has finally come to an end. We had our final presentations this past week. Our group was the last one and I think we did pretty well. Here is our [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sQSa6oaZAMUTwTyTslE9i4v6jb3E4tmeX12AjZOs7Io/edit?usp=sharing). This class has been a very good learning experience for me and now looking back at it, all the material that we covered in and out of class was all very helpful. I only wish that I had paid more attention early on to the git stuff and also the unix tutorials were pretty neat. No doubt that I'll definitely be going back to relearn those material. I was pretty impressed by everyone's group projects. They all did really well on the presentations and had amazing contributions. I was most impressed by the [OSNY](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY) group. They had the best presentation and their organization and workflow were very well balanced. In the end, they actually had a product to show for, although not in its final state but pretty cool. So basically what it does is it takes a github username and displays all the pull requests the user has made on github. So its a pretty good accomplishment in the short span of time we had. So my final thoughts on the class is that I would probably take it again if there is another iteration for the class! Even though I had frustrating moments during the course of the semester, I definitely learned a lot and grew from it. So this is all for the blog posts for the semester as well. Maybe I'll keep updating or even make a personal blog for everything I do in the future. Thats all, thanks for checking in!
