---
layout: post
title: Week 2 
---

#### Finding an open source project

Hello,
so for this week we started getting familiarized with the basics of using git and playing with functions such as cloning a repository, adding changes to the repository, committing those changes and pushing those changes to the origin directory. In all of this we had to collaborate with other team members to maintain the repository. It was a good exercise and I learned a lot. You can find the team repo [here](https://github.com/jch8ri/Team_5-git-activity-01.git). We're going to be working in teams throughout the semester so any group projects and collaborative efforts will be posted on that site. 
Also we were asked about what kinds of open source contributions we would like to make throughout the course of this semester and possibly beyond. This is a question to which I do not have an answer to at the moment but I know I do want to make some kind contribution to the open source world in any way that I can. Prior to this course, I didn't really think about open source or free software too much. I knew a lot of open source softwares and I used a bunch of them in my daily life but never really asked why, what, how or who was behind all of these great programs that I used. Now that I'm learning about this big community of people who just want to share and create a free world, I feel a strong sense of obligation to do my part and give back to the community from which I had only been taking. I do align with the philosophy of free software and believe that it should be free, modifiable, transparent, and collaborative. My ideal contribution would be of a kind where I could make some changes to an application that I use frequently. I do not know exactly how I am going to do it but I know that if I work on something I'm familiar in, I'll probably be more interested and invest more of my time. So I guess I'm going to try to make some changes to an application, small or big, and try to get my changes get pushed to the developer. I'll be back with a more concrete answer regarding what I'm going to work on by the next post possibly. That is all for this week. Thanks for checking in!   
