---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## **Project Updates**

Hello, 
so there's a lot that's been going on since the last blog post. I have been assigned to a group project with two other team members. We're working on a project called Julia. Julia is a popular free and open source programming language and it's fairly new. It was first developed in 2012 by a group of developers and it's a dynamic, highly intuitive programming language capable of technical computing. There is a really good community around the programming language and they really want developers to get involved with the project. Most of the issues on github are tagged with labels that identify the type of issue and the level of complexity to the issue. This helps different developers just scroll through the issues list and work on the issue that interests them. For me, this is an opportunity to expand my knowlege and skill set and learn a new language. I've looked at a few documentation issues on the project and they seem fairly resolveable. So at this point in time, our project is mostly in a learning phase where we're trying to understand and get familiarized with the langugage. Once the code base makes sense to us then we will try to tackle the issues that we have identified as a group. For now we are doing research on the project individually and reading up documentation on the interface and usage of the language. 

We also did an in class activity last week where we formed groups of three and worked on our second git activity. The activity was to work with issues and pull requests on github. One of the three members had to act as a maintainer and the other two would contribute to the repository. So we had practice with submitting issues and resolving them and forking a repo and modifying the project base and submitting a pull request to the original. Unfortunately we ran out of class time and were unable to finish all the steps in the activity but we'll probably finish up in the next class. So that's pretty much everything I have for this week's blog post. Although we also had a guest speaker in Patrick Masson who is the General Manager of the Board of Directors of the OSI, but unfortunately I couldn't attend the class due to a seasonal sickness. Hopefully I'll be able to attend all future guest speakers in the class. That is all for this week. Thanks for checking in!  